Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(RAP SONG PLAYING)
MAN: Why don't you call Peggy?
She can come watch TV with you.
That show that you like
is on tonight. isn't it?
Hey. cutie.
What's the name of it?
Come on. Linda.
You're making me feel very guilty.
It's just for a couple of hours.
I deserve this.
I haven't been out for three months.
Three months. That's exactly how long
it's been since I've been out.
Looks like Mike almost has
his date for tonight.
Nobody is taking dates.
It's a bunch of guys going
to a boxing match. that's it.
What?
Why are you looking at me like that?
'Cause I know your friends.
They have the hormones of high school kids.
Don't accuse me of running around.
You're the only one
of your friends with a family.
I think it's time you start
hanging out with grownups.
My friends are grownups.
Sorry.
MAN. OVER P.A.:
If you look out of the starboard side...
MAN: What the hell is that?
(OVER P.A)
...the aging but potentially dangerous...
Mr. Frank Wyatt!
Not since the turn of the century
has he come on vacations with us.
Let's dust him off
and give him some applause.
There's one of your grown-up friends.
I got to go.
Go.
Go and have some fun.
Maybe you'll stop walking around
with that look on your face.
- Say bye.
- I have no regrets. okay?
Whatever you say.
Bye. gorgeous. Daddy's got to go.
I love you.
MAN. OVER P.A.: Oh. excuse me.
I love you. too.
MAN. OVER P.A.:
We've got some family values exhibition.
FRANK: I'll be home early.
MIKE: Yeah. Linda. say around 8:00 a.m.
FRANK:
Thanks. I'm on the couch tonight for sure.
- MIKE: She hates me.
- FRANK: She does not hate you.
We've been married for two years...
Remember your birthday?
She hates you.
I'll get rid of them and come back to you.
Promise?
Check it out inside.
It's bigger than your house.
Prepare to have your
pleasure glands carpet bombed.
Watch out for the floors
because they're marble.
Cool system.
(MUSIC BLARES)
Don't touch anything.
That's not right for you.
Don't put your dirty dogs
on my clean upholstery. either.
Ray. where the hell did you get this thing?
- RAY: I promoted it.
- MIKE: What?
I conned the dealer into letting
me take it out for the evening.
FRANK: How did you do that?
Driving past the dealership.
I spotted this beast.
I go inside and say. "This baby
is perfect for entertaining clients.
"I was thinking about using it to buy
a few of them for my sales force."
He begged me to take it out.
It was embarrassing.
Wait. Your sales force?
I may have some. I will.
Tomorrow I'll return it and say. "Thank you.
"but under very careful consideration.
"I would have to say it's not big enough.
"I need an airbag in the bathroom...
"and I'll see you."
Ray Cochran... the man. the myth.
Yes. indeed.
We're running late. Where's Eddie?
Eddie couldn't make it. He canceled.
- I invited someone else.
- Who'd you invite?
(TIRES SCREECH)
RAY: Who's the crash-test dummy?
That's your little brother.
Ray. don't start.
Linda's been busting my balls
since I got home.
MIKE: Give him a break.
John's a good guy.
He's a pain in the ass.
Every time you guys get together
it's like a slugfest.
- FRANK: That's not true.
- RAY: It's not true?
He doesn't anger you when you get together?
He's my brother. and I invited him.
- JOHN: Hey. Rayzor Man.
- RAY: That's cool.
It's nice. What the hell is this thing?
Just get in.
JOHN: Looks like Barbie's playhouse.
RAY: You should know.
You're the one who plays with dolls.
JOHN: Where you been. buddy?
Jesus. look at this thing.
Yo. bro.
My big brother actually
invites me to go somewhere?
- You sick or something?
- You're late. as usual.
RAY: What do you say. fight fans?
Open some libations.
and let's get on the road.
Beers are in the fridge.
Beer.
RAY: Let's hit it. All aboard!
FRANK: That's a conductor. not a bus driver.
RAY: Sit down and shut up.
FRANK: That's a bus driver.
RAY: Let me see your transfer.
MIKE: When have you ever been on a bus?
I've seen a few.
RAY: I got 600 on Davis.
MIKE: What? You idiot.
Davis rhymes with "save us!"
You should have given the money to us.
FRANK: We should have left earlier.
We'll miss the prelim.
RAY: The Rayzor Man will not let you down.
I don't intend to miss
one single. solitary punch.
JOHN: Where did this kid come from?
Your boy's about to get beat.
Bob and weave! Look at that.
Thank God this thing has a satellite dish.
Much better than sitting ringside.
Much. much better.
Another day in front of the boob tube.
RAY: We'll be so close.
we'll get blood on us.
FRANK: Coming from our noses.
the seats will be so high in the rafters.
RAY: Give me a break.
MIKE: Oh. shit.
Look at him!
Hit him!
Hell. yeah. Look at him go.
See his feet? His legs are buckling.
MIKE: It's over.
FRANK: Betting on the other guy.
Hernandez and that Martinez kid
won't last three rounds.
We're gonna miss the main event.
Mike's right. We should just settle in...
Bullshit. We're not going to miss anything.
Shut that TV off.
Ray. take it easy.
Do you want to make it to the fight?
RAY: Shit.
I don't believe this. He won't let me in.
How about it? Can we get in?
- How about what?
- Can we get over?
Wait your turn like everyone else. asshole.
FRANK: Forget it. Hey. stop!
JOHN: Going to let us over?
MIKE: We're going to hit him!
This guy's not stopping. Back off already.
I'm not gonna back off.
FRANK: Back off! He's not stopping!
Look out!
This guy just hit me.
Fuck you! What are you doing?
Fuck you! You want some? Come on!
MIKE: Round one!
MAN: Let's see something.
you little fucking weasel.
Let's see what you got.
- Get off me!
- Not tonight!
I didn't think so.
JOHN: I can take this motherfucker!
What?
Fuck you!
Come on. John Boy!
I'll beat the shit out of both of you!
What's this? What do you got...
It hurts?
Leave him alone.
Yeah. relax. Take the pretty girl home.
Unless you want me to.
I can't hear you. I'm sorry.
All right.
You're not worth it.
- Nice job. buddy.
- Shut up!
MAN: Way to go. tough guy.
I can't believe people in this fucking town.
MIKE: Married life making you soft?
Once. your brother would have
dumped that guy on his ass.
What is the matter with you?
You can't fight every asshole
that looks at you funny.
There's a lot of craziness
going on out there.
You never know who's gonna pull a gun...
and blow your goddamn brains out.
It happens every day! You listen to me!
What. Frank? What are you going to do?
You're not my father.
MIKE: Way to go. little man.
You showed some heart.
What did I say? What did I tell you?
- Remember what I said?
- I'm sorry.
Don't encourage him with that macho shit!
He's right. you know.
About what?
You're not his father. bro.
That was really smart. baby brother.
Hey. enough. Ray.
Stop acting like you're three.
Why do you say shit like that?
Let's knock it off.
I want to have a good fucking time tonight!
Hold on. We're getting out of here.
MIKE: What the hell are you doing?
I'm not going to miss this fight.
I hate being late!
MIKE: Wait. a cop! I'm joking.
MIKE: Ray's the man! Do it!
RAY: Here's to me and those like me...
because very few were made.
MIKE: Thank God.
This is an extraordinary piece
of navigation. my brother.
Do you know how to get there?
RAY: We double back around the expressway.
How hard can it be?
I bet there's some tremendous
real estate bargains down here.
That's great. but where's
the damn expressway?
Enough of this scenic route.
RAY: They built the expressway logically.
We hit the next intersection and cut over.
MIKE: I don't see any signs or anything.
RAY: If I can cross over the one-way
street we exited on. we'll be fine.
JOHN: We've been around
this block a thousand times.
RAY: We'll just cross the street.
and we'll be fine.
JOHN: You have no clue where you're going.
RAY: A little faith. my friends.
We have never been here.
MIKE: Look. The Brothers Johnson.
I'm just being logical. right?
When you're lost. you ask for directions.
Let's ask those guys.
They know their way around.
We'll say we're the Welcome Wagon.
and we have some baked goods for them.
Excuse me. Gentlemen.
MIKE:. OVER P.A.: We're the Welcome Wagon.
Can you come here. please?
Mr. Welcome would like to ask you something.
Give me that. You know what. it's not funny.
Here they come.
They're coming to party. baby.
How are you?
MAN: Show them what you got. Check it out.
- MAN: Watch this.
- RAY: Shit.
FRANK: What the hell are you doing?
MAN: Let him have it.
How is that funny? I don't get it!
Just get us back on the expressway.
- RAY: Lock the doors.
- MIKE: You got the gun.
Anybody comes to the door. blow them away.
- RAY: Just lock the doors.
- FRANK: I'll lock the goddamned door.
RAY: I don't even know
if I'm insured on this thing.
You really know how to
use this thing. Rayzor?
Beretta nine millimeter. Shit happens. man.
You were right.
You never know what maniac's
gonna pull out a gun.
The only maniac I know is you.
You know what we need?
We need a frigging map.
Who carries a map?
Thousands of unarmed people
who drive Hyundais carry maps.
How about getting us out of here?
I think there's a map
in the glove compartment.
- MIKE: Right here?
- RAY: To the right of it.
Here it is. You're closer than I am.
What was that?
MIKE: I don't know. I think we hit something.
Maybe a dog or something.
No. we didn't.
I felt it. I think we hit someone.
You know where the hell we are?
They're scam artists.
They make a living doing this.
Doing what?
They pretend to get hit
and blow your head off.
Somebody might be hurt.
- RAY: What are you doing?
- FRANK: I'm gonna check it out.
RAY: You guys doing the Mother Teresa Show?
Wait.
JOHN: Nothing down here.
He's dead.
HURT MAN: Think again. asshole.
JOHN: It's gonna be all right.
What's happening?
We hit somebody. Call 911!
Oh. my God. I don't believe it.
WOMAN: 911 emergency.
- How long will it be?
- The phone's dead.
There's no service
in this shit-hole part of town.
Let's get him to an emergency room.
How do you work this?
I didn't see him. He came out of nowhere.
It wasn't my fault.
Hey. bring him into the RV.
RAY: Is he okay?
Easy. Careful.
Get a towel.
RAY: He's been shot.
Put this under his...
Careful. Easy.
He's a thief.
The cops probably shot him.
They'll be back any minute.
Who shot you?
Leave him alone.
Goddamn it. somebody shot him!
We could all be in danger.
We're not leaving him here.
I've had a lot to drink tonight.
What's your problem? The kid is hurt.
Want me to go to prison because of him?
- It is not our concern.
- Yes. it is.
They're coming after me. You got to help me.
- We won't let anybody hurt you.
- Get me out of here!
Shut up! Goddamn it!
I can't hear myself think!
Who the hell are you telling to shut up?
Listen.
(POLICE SIREN)
HURT MAN:
You can't tell them about the money.
JOHN: Don't worry. It's going to be fine.
HURT MAN: That's not what I'm worried about.
- MIKE: There they go!
- FRANK: They didn't see us.
We got to catch them.
We should get our story straight.
- If you won't drive. I will.
- Get the door! Let's go!
Get out of the way.
MIKE: There they go!
Hey. help! Police! We got somebody shot!
MIKE: They turned the corner.
Take it easy.
Where the hell are they?
MIKE: Ray. you okay?
RAY: I'm all right. You all right. Frank?
Yeah.
What the hell hit us?
My guess?
Probably some no-insurance.
car-driving asshole...
bashed into us in a fucking junker.
Un-fucking-believable.
- Ray. calm down.
- Calm down?
This will cost me a fortune.
I'm now the proud owner
of a little fax machine.
Gonna fax myself. Might be nice for me.
Large screen. brand-new. piece-of-shit TV.
This'll be mine.
- FRANK: You okay. brother?
- JOHN: Yeah. I'm fine.
We're stuck in here.
We're stuck. okay?
We're stuck in this piece of shit
which I now own!
This piece of fucking shit!
Calm down!
FRANK: Try and start this thing.
MIKE: Get a window open or something.
Damn thing's stuck. Great. Wonderful.
(ENGINE NOT STARTING)
It's dead.
We're not going anywhere.
HURT MAN: They're out there.
RAY: Who are you talking about?
Who's out there?
You guys don't know what you're messing with.
We got to get out of here!
Shut up! We're doing the best we can.
Quiet.
Hear that?
I'm going to take a look around.
Don't do that. They'll blow your head off.
Ray. get the gun.
Get the fucking gun.
- It's gone.
- What?
- RAY: It fell out when we hit.
- MIKE: Then find it.
RAY: It's got to be somewhere around here.
- MIKE: Look for it.
- RAY: I'm looking. man.
MIKE: You see anything?
Nothing.
FRANK: It seems okay.
We can all squeeze through there...
MAN: What up. Teddy? Playing hide-and-seek?
Come on out. Come here. motherfucker.
Back the fuck off. please.
You getting tough with me. kid?
You want to keep him?
Back off. You ain't got no balls.
You children sit tight.
and no one will get hurt.
Crack a window.
(DIALING TELEPHONE)
(OUT OF RANGE SIGNAL)
This thing isn't working.
You said there was no service.
Look. Sykes. look. no.
SYKES: Shh.
HURT MAN: This is crazy. Sykes. you know me.
- SYKES: You see. Teddy. the problem is...
- TEDDY: No problem. man.
SYKES: You broke one of his rules.
It's not like that. I didn't do anything.
Just tell Fallon!
- TEDDY: That's all I'm asking!
- MAN: Tell Fallon what?
SYKES: Well. go ahead. Tell him.
It's not what you think.
I wasn't running. You got it wrong.
I got all the money right there.
You can count it.
How could you steal from me?
I wasn't stealing from you.
It's right there. All the money.
Only thing I hate worse
than a thief is a liar. Teddy.
You broke rule number one:
do not steal from me.
MAN: What you thinking about. Teddy?
Look. come on. we grew up.
All you had to do was
keep the merchandise moving.
No company car? Not long enough lunches?
JOHN: We can't just sit here.
We're not going to do anything. Frank?
We're not going to do one fucking thing?
What do you want us to do?
Did you mention my name
to the guys in the truck?
I didn't say anything.
I wouldn't rat you out or say shit!
So you want me to let you go?
Then I'm supposed to
conduct business on the street?
Who's going to know. right?
Nobody's going to tell.
- He's not gonna tell. I'm not.
- That's right.
No! Come on! All you got to do is...
(GUNSHOTS CONTINUE)
- We got another problem.
- How many guys in the truck?
About four.
North Shore plates. too. Just great.
Well. boys. rule number two: no witnesses.
Come on!
We're next!
MIKE: Come on. Ray!
What the hell are you doing?
FALLON:
Where do these guys think they're going?
(GUNSHOTS)
FRANK: Shit.
Sorry. man.
It's not what I had in mind.
Thanks. That's what I'll tell the dealer.
MIKE: You won't be telling him nothing
unless we get out of here.
FALLON: That was great. Do it again.
That's not funny.
Hey. man. that was funny.
Shit looks like the Hindenburg. Come on.
FRANK: Let's go. Ray.
RAY: Stop.
FRANK: Where we heading?
John. you all right?
Why? Why'd they do it?
They killed him.
I don't think they'll follow us.
They won't do that.
We saw them shoot that kid.
We were witnesses.
Where the hell are we?
MIKE: Why'd you get off the expressway?
Are we at the blaming stage now?
I don't remember twisting your arm
to get off the expressway.
(TIRES SQUEAL)
FRANK: Did they see us?
I don't know. I don't think so.
RAY: Frank was right.
- They do want to kill us.
- I never said that.
- What are we gonna do?
- Shut up.
Look what the cat drug in.
MIKE: Keep your voice down.
FALLON: Hello. ladies.
What do you think of the neighborhood?
(THUD)
We call these condos down here. Nice. huh?
Could be just like one of those
North Shore suburbs.
Guess what. I knew you guys
would come straight here.
You didn't pass "Go."
So technically...
You just sit tight.
I'm coming door-to-door
like the goddamn Avon lady.
By the way. you fucked up my car...
and I don't have collision.
Guy sounds like he wants to
do you bodily harm or something.
I'm a college graduate.
FIRST BUM: That's Buck.
He's got the brain of a chicken.
Sure would be a shame
if he heard you in here!
Damn shame.
They'd shoot us and then blow your heads off.
I don't think so.
Might even be grateful.
Might give us a reward.
All right. goddamn it. Name your price.
Gee. Mr. Businessman.
what did you have in mind?
FALLON: Don't move!
Don't whisper.
Don't even breathe.
(THUD)
Don't you hate it when you try to be quiet.
and every sound seems to be
amplified 20 or 30 times?
What is that?
What's that smell?
You guys wearing cologne?
Or is that fear?
- FIRST BUM: Nice watch.
- RAY: Go to hell.
Already there.
Ray. give it to him.
(SCRAPING)
(CLACKING)
(BANGING ON SIDE OF TRAIN)
MAN: Lucy...
I'm home!
You got some explaining to do.
Don't touch me.
Don't be stupid. John.
It's all I got.
FALLON: You guys are really
starting to piss me off.
This is eating into my drinking time.
Tell you what I'm gonna do.
Since I'm a nice person and
in touch with my inner child...
I'll give you a chance.
Come out. forget the bullshit.
and we'll discuss this.
I'm going to count to three.
One Mississippi...
two Mississippi...
Opportunity knocked.
and you failed to answer.
Don't say I didn't give you a chance.
Let's talk! Let's mingle.
Now I'm getting mad.
This one's locked up. too.
It's possible they didn't stop.
They just took right off.
Just doesn't feel right.
I'm a college graduate.
I used to play college ball.
I ain't got my jacket no more.
That's too bad.
Somebody stole it.
You know. I had great hands. man.
You should have seen me.
Go out wide. Buck.
- What are you doing?
- I'd go out wide.
I could have been Walter Payton.
He played too many games without a helmet.
You think I'm funny or something?
Who do you think you are coming down here.
wearing that jacket and calling me a liar?
I'm a goddamned college graduate!
How the hell can I shut him up?
- Come on. let's get out.
- Come on. move it!
FALLON: Take-out time. boys.
Shit. Hobo from Purdue. I hate Purdue.
When's the last time they ever won anything?
Plastic.
SYKES: That's one of them.
Bums must have rolled them.
Welcome to the neighborhood. boys.
FALLON: There they are!
We can outrun them.
MIKE: This way!
Hold it.
(DOG BARKS)
FRANK: Get up! Let's go!
- I can't fucking keep up.
- You have to.
Don't leave my ass down here. This is hell.
You can do this.
Take care of me.
I'll give you anything you want.
All I want is for you to move your ass.
We're gonna make it. man... all of us.
I think we lost them.
- MIKE: Hey. you okay?
- RAY: Yeah. I'm all right.
Where are the cops? Someone heard the blast.
You dynamite a city block.
they wouldn't come.
- That's criminal.
- Look at this.
MIKE: Reach out and touch someone. my ass.
Great.
There's lights on in that building.
Let's go get some help.
RAY: Damn! I tore my jacket.
FRANK:
I'd be worried about my ass. not my jacket.
RAY: My ass doesn't cost 450 bucks.
If anything happens. don't think. just run.
FRANK: Let's find someone
who'll let us use their phone.
You think these freaks
will let us use their phone?
These freaks are our neighbors.
Not my neighbors.
I bet we haven't been more than
10 miles from your door.
(SQUEAKING)
What that noise?
JOHN: We should talk to him.
I got a better idea.
There's a way in.
Hi. sir. I need to use your phone.
Thanks a lot.
FRANK: Take it easy.
MIKE: You. too. buddy.
JOHN: Hello. Anybody home?
What's wrong with these people?
They're just like you.
- How is that?
- They're scared.
They won't even talk to us.
JOHN: How are you? Can we use your phone?
Nobody's gonna help us.
JOHN: Welcome to the real world. This is it.
RAY: If you say that to me again.
I'm gonna kill you.
(KNOCKING)
Hello? Hello?
Anybody in there?
Please open the door if you're there.
Wait. We don't want to scare her off.
FRANK: Excuse me.
WOMAN: What do you want?
I need to use a phone.
Just hold it right there. Now. keep back.
MIKE: Please. just listen.
WOMAN: I'll bust your goddamn heads.
Don't think I won't.
- Are you all right?
- Get out of here.
Just give us a chance...
The only chance you're getting is to get
your asses in gear before I start swinging.
Let's go. These people don't want to help us.
We saw a boy get murdered tonight.
The men that shot him did it in cold blood.
If they catch us. they'll kill us. too.
So they're following you?
No. We lost them.
MIKE: You got to believe us.
We're telling the truth.
We just want to use your phone
to call the police.
That's it.
We won't cause you any trouble.
This is bullshit.
MAN: We lost them.
We're just wasting our time.
You know something?
You're beginning to piss me off.
Where he goes. we go.
Shut the fuck up!
These the punks you saw?
They ain't the ones.
What's up? You punks crazy or something?
Chill out. We're looking for some citizens.
He looking for some citizens.
You ain't gonna find
nobody down here like that.
This is our block.
If you got any brains in your head.
you'll break now and don't look back.
We just got some business.
You got some business?
What kind of business?
Wait a minute.
I've had about enough of this bullshit.
I'm gonna ventilate your little cranium.
What do you think about that? Now back off!
GANG LEADER: Better get your boy.
I got something. too. man.
Little bit too much meat today.
You don't like what I have to say. fuck me.
- What you smiling at?
- I understand. I respect you.
You're taking care of your block.
These guys ripped me off. That can't happen.
- You know what I mean?
- I don't know.
I fuck with you. you're shit
in front of your boys.
So you tell me. how much is this gonna cost?
If I want your money. I'll take it.
You can't take my money.
but you can take my money.
- Go ahead.
- That money got blood on it.
You ever seen any that didn't?
Now go ask Webster over there
where those people went.
RAY: I don't believe this.
You're wearing a hole in the carpet. bro.
RAY: Cops should be here by now.
It's been 17 minutes.
Down here people die of old age
waiting for the cops.
No goddamn way.
This is bullshit. Watch this.
I'll get their asses over here
in one goddamn second.
- What's wrong?
- The phone's dead.
What do you mean. it's dead?
It must be them. They're here.
Maybe you didn't pay your phone bill.
- Right.
- Shut up. Ray.
Francis Howard Wyatt.
Used to have a girlfriend named Francis.
She had blue eyes just like you.
How does he know my name?
FALLON: Frank. beautiful baby.
Lucky for you she looks just like your wife.
What's your wife... Italian?
I always wanted to fuck
an Italian girl. Frank.
I'll tell you what. Frankie. Francis...
since you won't meet me man-to-man.
I'm gonna take my case to the people.
People of the housing project.
I got a headline for you.
- This just in...
- Get the fuck out of my house.
CHILD: Mommy!
Get the hell out of my house!
FALLON: ...really starting to piss me off.
This is the situation.
Give them up. and this will not
be the worst night of your life.
SYKES: There's nothing on the fifth floor.
- SYKES: Two more to go.
- MAN: We got to take a break.
SYKES: I told you you should quit smoking.
It's okay.
Everything's going to be all right.
- We can't stay here.
- Are you kidding?
If we go outside. they'll kill us.
These people put their lives
on the line for us.
- MIKE: Frank's right.
- WOMAN: Yeah. go!
Let's do this.
I'm not going out there.
I'm not going anywhere.
MIKE: You son of a bitch.
You had that thing the whole time?
Why the hell didn't you use it earlier?
Because I'm using it now.
On us?
Whoever thinks you'll get me
through that door.
Goddamn it! What are you doing?
You're scaring the kid.
The cops will be here any second.
Let's wait here until they arrive.
The cops are not coming.
Yes. they are.
Stay back. I am not going to die down here.
These people weren't involved.
and they helped us.
If those bastards find us here.
they'll kill everybody.
Is that what you want?
You got to trust me.
You don't want this deal.
Come on. Rayzor. Give me the gun!
MIKE: Let's get out of here.
Go to the roof.
The kids have a way of getting
across to the next building.
It's the only chance you have.
FRANK: Thanks a lot.
WOMAN: We have a baby! Please leave us alone!
SYKES: Open the fucking door now!
(THUD)
Give me the gun.
Here. Use this.
Knock. knock. faggot. Open the door.
Fuck.
I found it!
FRANK: Jesus. that's the escape route?
Let's do it.
FRANK: Let's go. Ray.
Kids do this.
Let's go. Ray.
JOHN: Hang on. Mike. Hang on. buddy.
I can't.
The pipe. Use the pipe.
You could shimmy down the drainpipe.
FRANK: We used to do this
when we were kids. remember?
Just slide down.
Whatever you do. don't look down.
Thanks. I wasn't going to.
I've got a great view from down here.
That's funny. I'm glad you save
your best material...
for the rooftop show.
I'll be here all week.
That's good.
When I get down. I'm gonna
kick your fucking ass.
John. get your ass across that ladder now.
What are you guys doing?
There's a way down over here.
FRANK: Let's go. Come on.
MIKE: All right. Come on. buddy.
Don't look down. buddy. Look at me.
That's it. Like the 40-yard line.
There you go. The 30-yard line. man.
The 20. You're at the 10.
FRANK: That's it. All right.
- Next.
- Go ahead.
I want to follow. You go first.
- You're full of crap.
- Come on.
Climbing across this won't kill you.
- Those guys are!
- I swear to God.
I know when you're full of crap.
and you're full of crap right now!
Don't make me leave you up here!
I said I would do it!
MIKE: Move it!
You want it in writing?
I will follow you.
All right. Let's do it. Come on.
Watch how simple this is.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
There they are!
Come on. Frank! Move it!
FALLON: Motherfucker!
Damn!
- Don't believe they got guns.
- It's so easy these days.
JOHN: Frank!
Go ahead. check it out.
Nice move.
JOHN: Come to me. goddamn it!
Give me your hand.
I got you!
- What are you doing?
- I ain't no acrobat.
I'll negotiate with these guys.
What with?
I got them where I want them.
- I'm the Rayzor Man. remember?
- Let's go!
Easy. fellas. Hear me out a second.
Just give me a chance to talk. okay?
FALLON: Talk about what?
Something near and dear to my heart... money.
- Money's good.
- No doubt.
FALLON: Money makes the world go round.
You fire. they'll kill him.
And if I don't?
- Start talking.
- There's no reason for this.
Whatever happened to that kid.
I'm sure he deserved it.
That's your business.
Nobody's going to the police.
All we want to do is get home.
Home.
Home is where the heart is. right?
Excuse me for a minute.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
but didn't you say something about money?
Yeah. I did.
How about $100.000 cash?
Then we go our separate ways.
You can raise that kind of money?
Yes. I can.
Let me ask you something.
What are those shoes? Italian?
Yeah. They're actually Italian running shoes.
Actually. kind of working well
for me this evening.
And your dad's what? He's a stockbroker?
Something like that. But I'm a self-made guy.
I'm a self-starter. Just like you.
That's funny.
These guys say that to me.
- That's why we hang with him.
- Self-made man.
Tomorrow morning. you'll have the cash.
In the meantime. how about a little deposit?
May I see that?
This is a beautiful ring.
Take a look at this. man.
- Check this out.
- That's beautiful. man.
Take this home to your girl.
How much is a ring like that worth?
Retail. that's 15K.
But for you guys. call it down payment.
Under the table.
You know. I think we can cut a deal here.
RAY: Oh. man. Yeah. that's beautiful.
I can't believe this. He's doing it.
You're pretty good. What's your name? Ray?
You're a good negotiator because
you didn't even lowball me.
I'm gonna come and lowball you?
Forget about that.
Well. I got to trust you.
There's the payment of the money.
and then there's your friends
keeping their mouths shut.
Hold on. We're businessmen. both of us.
We have an understanding.
Let me tell you something. Ray.
You don't understand shit. okay? Nothing.
You got to check your pants
for your dick. I got one.
You and your friends are the spoon-fed.
fucking fruit bait that I fucking hate!
- I don't think you understood.
- Shut the fuck up!
You speak when fucking spoken to. okay?
This is not fucking high school.
motherfucker.
I'll eat your fucking friends
for fucking lunch!
You know who we are?
You have no fucking idea. do you? No.
Jerks like you sail through life...
reading about people like me
in the newspaper.
You're in a different place
now. motherfucker.
$100.000 might buy you out of North Shore.
Down here. that means shit!
This is my fucking world!
Two hundred thousand.
- We got a deal?
- Yeah.
You schooled me!
You took my heart
and surgically implanted it.
Soon. my pulse will be back to normal.
God. Music to my ears. It's beautiful.
I'm getting off this roof in one piece.
FALLON: Jesus! It's all right.
Let me go. Frank! Wait!
Okay. come on. John! Go!
Don't look at him. John.
Come on. he's gone. man!
(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)
Frank.
(COUGHS)
Shh.
We should've done something.
Makes no sense for Ray to go out like that.
Nothing about tonight makes much sense.
I keep hearing him screaming.
FALLON: Hello. ladies.
It's our little chickenshits.
MIKE: Go!
MIKE: This way!
Frank. get down!
Right here!
(THUD)
(YELLING)
FRANK: Mike.
John.
We got to keep moving.
Split up.
This is stupid.
You think we'll catch these guys?
You coming?
- Watch your ass.
- Shit. I always do. Mom.
FALLON. SINGING:
Oh. when the saints go marching in
These guys don't give up.
They're right on our ass.
We got to get out of here.
Where are they coming from?
We don't want to run into them.
MIKE: No. It's too bright up there!
Might as well stick a bull's-eye
on your back.
What are we gonna do?
We got to make a stand.
It's our only chance of getting out alive.
Always wondered how I'd do
in combat. could I cut it?
You ever wonder about that?
Guess I'm about to find out.
Mike. they got guns. We have nothing.
Screw the guns.
If we watch each other's back. we'll be okay.
There you go. Johnny Boy.
Let's do it.
Hey. Frank.
Let's show these punks what we got.
Right.
MIKE: There's three ways in here.
There's three of us.
We watch each other's backs.
Let's go!
FALLON: You guys down there?
JOHNNY: I got your back.
MIKE: I'm relying on you. bro.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
Frank.
(GUNSHOT)
Where are you guys at?
Don't you move!
Who's the chickenshit now?
Gonna shoot me?
You ever shoot anybody before?
I don't think so.
Now. if you don't give me that back.
the same thing that happened
to Ray will happen to you.
Did you see the look on his face?
He didn't think I could do it.
(DISTANT YELLING)
Let's move.
MIKE: No. screw that!
I say we stay down here. and we finish them.
You know. things are a little different now.
What is the matter with you?
This isn't a goddamn game!
John. let's go.
Hey. what happened to you. kid?
I thought you had my back!
Hey. John. I'm talking to you!
We got to find some cover.
What the hell happened down there?
- I'm sorry.
- Sorry?
Sorry doesn't cut it.
You almost got me killed.
Back off. Mike.
Your baby brother fucked up!
He better not do it again!
Oh. yeah? Or what?
See? That's the Frank I used to know.
You better believe it.
Let's get off the street.
Yes. sir. boss.
This is great.
I don't know about you guys.
but I didn't sign on for this.
This is your fault. Fallon.
Your best buddy's dead because
of you and your goddamn rules.
Ever hear the one about
taking care of your own?
You mean you'd let these guys
get away with this?
MAN: No. I wouldn't let these...
You know what I hate?
I hate whiners. you know?
I hate people who just complain.
I had a guy one time in the cell next to me.
He used to yap about everything.
Used to yap about the food.
yap about the guards.
yap about this and that.
Yap. yap. yap all night long.
Fucking yap. yap. yap.
Like a fucking 747.
Like an engine stuck between your ears.
and you can't get away from it.
I don't think he's getting up.
He's gone now.
Damn it.
If those assholes were here right now. I'd...
probably just freeze.
I tried.
I couldn't move. Frank.
Keep it together.
Keep it together?
Fuck you. Frank!
I'm scared.
I'm really scared.
I don't think I'll make it
through this night.
JOHN: I don't know what to do.
Come here.
FRANK: Everybody gets scared.
whether they admit it or not.
I'm scared. too.
JOHN:
Look at me. I'm crying like a baby here.
Thanks...
for sticking up for me.
Yeah. well. Mike's as scared as we are.
Nobody out on the street.
So what do you think. boss?
Cool it on that boss stuff.
(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
FRANK: You guys aren't gonna believe this!
Let's go!
Hey. over here!
Stop!
Hey. lady! Hold up the bus!
What are you doing?
- Stop the bus!
- I don't think so.
It's coming back.
Come back here and give us a ride!
I don't get it! You used to
have bigger balls than anybody!
Is that what you think this is about? Balls?
What about using your goddamn brain!
- Watch what you say!
- What are you trying to prove?
That you can get us killed?
Because that's exactly
what you're going to do!
I got a wife and a little girl.
and I will get back to them!
You want to go out down here like some
goddamn hero. then you do it alone.
Let's go. John.
Frank. Frank!
What. goddamn it?
Just wait up.
FRANK: Maybe there's another way in.
JOHN: It's kind of dark.
I don't see anything.
There's got to be a security guard.
MIKE: Well. let's try and wake him up!
(ALARM RINGING)
- Hello!
- We're in trouble now.
MIKE: Hey. concierge. I need a room!
Hell of a security system.
Excellent response time.
FRANK: A little help!
JOHN: Hello. anybody home?
MIKE: Yeah. anybody got a problem with that?
FRANK: Come on and get us!
MAN: Okay. freeze!
- MIKE: There's two of them!
- GUARD: I said freeze!
And put your hands on top
of the counter and spread them.
Do it!
Anything you say!
JOHN: All right. we're freezing!
We're freezing and spreading.
Anything else you want us to do?
You frisk them. I'll call Five-0.
Uh-oh. Frank. They're calling the cops.
That's 9-1-1. buddy.
Tell them to haul ass.
These creeps are really loaded.
(ALARM STOPS)
(THUD)
Let's get to work.
- FRANK: Listen. the reason...
- GUARD: Save it. punk.
- JOHN: These guys are after us.
- GUARD: Look.
You tell it to the cops.
They get paid to listen
to your bullshit stories.
- Watch it.
- Careful. I'm ticklish.
Mister. there's one thing I...
Put your hands back up on the cooler.
You understand me? Don't make a move!
FALLON. OVER P.A.: Attention. shoppers.
We have a special in the frozen
foods department tonight...
dead meat!
Plump. juicy. and fresh
from our North Shore farm.
Shop till you drop. right. Frank?
Get back on the cooler! Get on there!
You guys tell your friend
to get down here right now!
Listen. this guy's not our friend!
I'm tired of fooling around
with you. understand me?
Motherfucker!
FRANK: Mike! Mike! Come on.
(GUNSHOTS)
Damn!
- Go on.
- No way.
I'm gonna deal with these guys.
I'm gonna handle this.
Will you cut this heroics crap and let's go?
Frank. you got a family.
Me...
All I got is you.
Stay there.
(GUN EMPTY)
Mike.
Hey. Frank.
Why don't you come get your friend?
Aah!
JOHN: Shh.
MIKE: What's up. man?
(MAN SINGING)
(GUNSHOT)
(SINGING) Let's stand together
It's all right with me
Argh!
FRANK: Come on. get up!
(GUNSHOTS)
Jesus. Jesus. Mike!
FRANK: Get up!
MIKE: You guys are unbelievable!
I was there. and I don't even believe it.
FRANK: Let's go! Let's move!
Come on! This way.
MIKE: I'm okay.
Come on.
Mike. you're gonna be okay.
I'm gonna go get help.
John's gonna stay here with you.
Yes. sir. boss.
Come on.
Easy. easy.
FRANK: Give me your hand.
Put your hand there and keep it there.
You all right?
Don't do anything stupid.
Come out. Frank! Scumbag!
FALLON: Meet me man-to-man.
Let's get it over with.
What are you afraid of?
Faggot!
(FALLON SMASHING THINGS)
Come on. Frank!
I'm gonna kill you and
your two fucking pussy friends!
You look fucked-up.
At least I can walk.
(DOOR OPENS)
(BEEPING)
Hey. you fucking scumbag! I'm out here!
I said I'm out here. you piece of shit!
After I kill you. I'm gonna pay
a visit on that wife of yours.
What were you gonna do to my wife?
What's the matter. asshole?
Why so quiet all of a sudden?
You fucking scum!
Jesus Christ. You're Frank?
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
You think you hurt me tonight. is that it?
Is that what you think. Francis? Answer me!
You fucking prick. Get up!
This how you're gonna go out?
You're not getting away...
because I know where you're going.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck me?
I don't think so. pal.
Nineteen twenty-two Deadwood Drive.
That's a fucking riot. Deadwood Drive.
Bet you got a nice house up there.
Can't wait to meet your daughter.
What's her name again?
Doesn't matter. You'll never
see her grow up. anyways.
Help me. for Christ's sake!
I knew you'd do the right thing.
Give up. Francis. Coming with me?
Come on. Francis.
You're on your own. pal.
And don't call me Francis.
JOHN: Frank!
Frank. you all right?
Where are you?
Stay where you are! Everything's all right.
It's over.
WOMAN: Nine-one-one.
Hello. This is an emergency. I need help.
WOMAN: Sir. are you still there?
Look. my brother and my friend
are bleeding to death upstairs.
- Get down on the floor.
- You're not listening to me!
Down!
- I don't fucking believe this!
- Al. he's telling the truth.
It's like a battleground out here.
Excuse me. How is he?
He's lost a lot of blood.
His vital signs are good.
Take it easy. man.
Hey. buddy. they say you're gonna be okay.
I better be.
I got tickets to the Bears game next week.
Well. you have a good time.
Wait. I got seats on the 50-yard line.
Listen. I'm gonna be home
with Linda and the baby.
watching the game on TV.
You... you're a wimp.
Hey. John.
Mike got tickets to the Bears game.
No. thanks. Frank.
I'm too young for this shit.
FRANK: I'll see you at the hospital.
MAN: Mr. Wyatt. we found this inside.
You must have dropped it.
It's a good-looking family.
MAN: Mr. Wyatt. your wife's outside.
DIFFERENT MAN: Hey. Petowski. on the double.
MAN: All right. here we go.
(RAP SONG PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org